How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

The change that caused the bug was shown as one of only a handful of changes. This was far easier
to work with than poring over the entire file, so the bug was more easily spotted.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer
in the long term?

Often, a task involves making a small change to code that is similar to an earlier change and for
a similar reason. Being able to review the earlier change can make the current task easier, faster,
and more reliable. Also, a newish bug may not be spotted until after other newer changes have been
made. I may need to look back several versions to find it.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do
in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

The only con is that if I forget to commit at the appropriate time, there is no automation to catch
my mistake. The main pro is that if I'm conscientious, every commit has a sensible purpose that's
clearly linked with its content. Another pro is that the number of commits is neither too large nor
too small.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

The systems are designed for different purposes. Google Docs, being a generic repository for files
with no implied relationship between them, simplifies its versioning. Also, since Google Docs
commits changes automatically and very frequently, for every commit to include every file would
be overwhelming. Git, on the other hand, is specifically for code. In almost any coding project,
multiple files will be closely interrelated, and a single logical change could affect several
files--with all of them necessary for the change to be complete and correct.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log will help me review the overall history of commits or find a specific one by its message.
git diff will show me the details of how files changed in each commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

If I do not commit a breaking change, I can always checkout the most recent commit and start over,
or diff from the most recent commit to more easily look for the bug. Even if I do commit, the file
history will still help me find and fix it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Ultimately, to manage complete Web applications, all stacks from database schema to CSS.